frontend/README.md, before:

# WebPOS Frontend

This repository contains the frontend code for the WebPOS (Web Point of Sale) application. The frontend is built using Vue 3 with TypeScript and Tailwind CSS and interacts with the backend APIs provided by the MUNERO Global API Documentation.

## Features

The frontend provides a user interface to interact with the following backend APIs:

- **Authentication APIs**:
  - Login API
  - Check token

- **Order APIs**:
  - Get Orders
  - Place Orders
  - Get Order Status

- **Catalogue APIs**:
  - Items Download
  - Catalog Images

- **Account-related APIs**:
  - Logo
  - Query Users

## Setup Instructions

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/muneer-ahmed-khan/web-pos/frontend.git
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```
   npm install
   ```

3. Customize the configuration if needed. See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/) for more details.

4. Compile and hot-reload for development:
   ```
   npm run dev
   ```

5. Type-check, compile, and minify for production:
   ```
   npm run build
   ```

## Contact

If you have any questions or need assistance, feel free to reach out.

**Kindest regards,**

Commit message:

Add documentation for environment variables setup
Updated frontend README with instructions for configuring development environment variables, including the API base URL in the `.env.development` file, to streamline setup for new developers.

frontend/README.md, after:

# WebPOS Frontend

This repository contains the frontend code for the WebPOS (Web Point of Sale) application. The frontend is built using Vue 3 with TypeScript and Tailwind CSS and interacts with the backend APIs provided by the MUNERO Global API Documentation.

## Features

The frontend provides a user interface to interact with the following backend APIs:

- **Authentication APIs**:
  - Login API
  - Check token

- **Order APIs**:
  - Get Orders
  - Place Orders
  - Get Order Status

- **Catalogue APIs**:
  - Items Download
  - Catalog Images

- **Account-related APIs**:
  - Logo
  - Query Users

## Setup Instructions

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/muneer-ahmed-khan/web-pos/frontend.git
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```
   npm install
   ```

3. Customize the configuration if needed. See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/) for more details.

4. Compile and hot-reload for development:
   ```
   npm run dev
   ```

5. Type-check, compile, and minify for production:
   ```
   npm run build
   ```

## Environment Variables
For development, you can specify the base URL for your backend APIs in the `.env.development` file:
```env
VITE_BASE_URL=http://localhost:4000
```

## Contact

If you have any questions or need assistance, feel free to reach out.

**Kindest regards,**
